Ayo, this your big dog, A&B Twizzle, holler at your guala
In the booth with my big, big homie, Dee-Uno, Dee-1
And we here to talk about free lunch and Sallie Mae
All my life I got free lunch
Gumbo and grilled cheese, hot dog and a mystery chilli
Billy Kidd stared at me
Mum never sent me to school with a Ninja Turtle lunchbox
What school's our baby?
We danced to the music, you would have paid the piper
Sallie Mae, and she said ain't nothing for free
You want that knowledge?
You want to be something in this world?
You want to conquer?
You got to pay what you owe, baby, I need them coins
As we sit down here in the N.O., them kerns
So I say Sallie Mae, how you doing?
You looking for me?
Good luck with that, you knocking on my door
You're sending my e-mails
You just saying everything for free but it ain't, baby
You got to get what you got to get
You got to get your hustle on, you got to get your grind on
Or you gon' be paying Sallie Mae for the rest of your life
You got to be something with yourself
Get off your tail and daddy ain't going to get it
Cuz Sallie Mae, she coming for you
Ayo, she run faster than the police
She taxing you more than them judges
She want her money right now
She worse than the Uncle Sam, IRS, taxes, them feds
She ain't playing with you
She said she wants that loan money
Or she coming with that strong arm
And she come and get it right
If you don't get it right, your lights going off
You know what I'm saying?
That car gets repossessed
She gon' find a way to get a way to get you
I was like, "Sallie, Sallie
I thought you just loaned me the money
Because I needed a loan", after Katrina
I ain't had nothing, I needed a loan to better myself
I've been trying to become a man
I'm trying to get up out of this here dirt
Up out this here gutter, up out this lil bowl
We call it N.O., I'm trying to better myself
[?]
After you told me you loaned me that thing, you said
"You can pay me a little something."
You didn't say you was gonna want 40 or 50 racks back
Come on, Sally!

Free lunch and Sally Mae
Free lunch and Sally Mae
Free lunch and Sally Mae
She knows just where you stay

Free lunch and Sally Mae
Free lunch and Sally Mae
Free lunch and Sally Mae
One day you gotta pay