[Intro]
I don't mind if they're yapping now cause I laugh last
Flexing over petty little racks, riding coach class
Knew I had a better deal so I took a hard pass
When that money running out hit me fore the plane crash

[Verse 1]
I been too busy in L.A, about to sign a lease (yeah!)
I been on higher levels in the belly of the beast (yeah!)
I broke through walls of understanding, I know what I need (wow!)
And when I roll out it, we taking over everything
I spoke to 40 and he loved my new just wait on it (wait on it!)
You play with royal blood, you'll end up with a stain on it (yeah!)
See all my life the devil tried to kill me shame on him (on him!)
But Jesus walking with a Jew he's underneath my tims
It's really easy, I came up cause I pray hard
See all these fabricated stories they got no heart
If I had put em in positions where I really been
You would of wet yourself before the day even begins

[Hook]
This my real walk (yeah!), This my real talk (ayy, ha)
You ain't real dawg, aww, yeah, but I'm real dawg
Aww yeah, living trill dawg
This my real walk (yeah!), this my real talk
Ayy haha, you ain't real dawg
Aww yeah, but I'm real dawg
Aww yeah, living trill dawg

[Verse 2]
It's too late, get the bag
Only using half a mag
Fun to me like laser tag
Trigger never had no lag
I just cock it, let it go, lately I've been on a roll
Higher level, ain't no clone
Eagle eye I'm like a drone
Pushin' it, i tell em  they ready to scoot
I paid my dues, I'm out in the west like who are you? (who?)
(tell me who are you?)
Why you mad? cross you up
I was down now I'm up
Euro stepping to that hoop
Call me Harden, your name what? (what's your name?)

[Verse 3]
Pop, pop, running around in my drop top
LA the zone in my flip flops
Don't come around and get zipped locked aye
No room in the 2 seat, living the bougie
Find me in Beverly coolin'
Tom I be crusing (yeah!)
(lately my life been a movie)
I used to do it just to make em mad
I switched my game up, now I do it cause I'm copping bags
(bag boy!)
Bones brigade I'm riding Santa Cruz on Melrose Ave
And I don't get out my percentage though they reach and grab
Ya heard?

[Hook]
This my real walk (yeah!), this my real talk (ayy, ha)
You ain't real dawg, aww, yeah, but I'm real dawg
Aww yeah, living trill dawg
This my real walk (yah), this my real talk (ayy, ha)
You ain't real dawg
Aww yeah, but I'm real dawg
Aww yeah, lving trill dawg
Bad boy and I get mine, haha, yeah
Riding Santa Cruz on Melrose Ave
On the Westside