[Verse 1: Sick Jacken]

I'm at the ? waking up from a nightmare
My palms sweating like faucets
Then I look at the tube, what's that right there?
Two planes crashed into New York City
The shit's making Non Phixion not a conspiracy theory
I grab the Street Sweeper and the nine milli
And get on the horn and call my man "Did you see that shit?"

[Cynic]

Yeah man, I woke up to the news on Fox
The towers dropped, my first thought "George and his pops."

[Sick Jacken]

Yeah man, them devils shits on another level
They just took out a whole lotta heads and blamed Arab rebels
I can't sit back cause LA's next
I won't stop till their head lays rest
A wild guess but the Bin Ladens have been down with ? plotting right?
They own a piece of the US, they bought a slice
But when the price is right it makes the hustle nice
Blood money filled up the pipes by snake types

[Hook]

Look at the President he shape-shifting man
Look at the Prime Minister he shape-shifting man
Look at the Kings and Queens they shape-shifting man
They all inhumans, they all snakes with fins

[Verse 2: Sick Jacken]

We're in some deep shit, new millenium sounds like TV script
I only wish that I could see these shifts
We're gonna need spiritual medicinemen
Cause it ain't gonna enough of just ? and ?
You got anybody in mind?

[Cynic]

This uncle of mine who works in the spirit world travelling time
Who knows about a spiritual war, the shifters are ? destroy the land
This whole thing's crazy but we prepared for the other race
We whack on bushes so we could see these snakes

[Sick Jacken]

I got TV ? tapes now burned to my CD case
And names of fakes that my TV ?
Programs on your TV lace, sublime ammo shot to the brain
The average person feels no pain
When they execute the game plan we don't pay attention to shit
They kill masses while they killing the fifth

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Sick Jacken]

They got smart cards for dummies
The ancient con art of running game
They trying to bogart the money
In a power mover, not greed
Eliminating cash would give em full control of your chips and your food
If you don't got loot then you can't physically own it
They don't need to confiscate it, they can just delete it from you homie
It's all about control, mental and physical
They ? on your soul ? dough
Even if you're good man religion got you sucked in
Hope will blind you all from seeing the scales of the pope
The only scale we see is for weighing the dope
We're so fucked up, they doing this shit right under our powdered nose
Man this ain't no propaganda, I think it's time we stand up
Expose the army of serpents and man up
They don't call it the United Snakes for nothing
The reptilian renaissance ? is coming

[Hook]