Yeah…
Yeah. We like to call this, the Ten Minute Million Dollar Massacre. And ya’ll niggas ‘bout to see why. BLOC Gang its ya boy LoS. Easy...
Look
Listen
[Purple Rain- Beanie Sigel]
I had to pay a visit to my diva, “Set It Off” like Jada, Vivica, Latifah
I’m in that GT, with the fly sneakers, and this a top model like Eva
And we could pop bottles like we the San Antonio Spurs
If a nigga want beef, the cannon's under the fur
If you say you want beef and you stand up under your word
Your man’ll put brandy onto the curb, but the herb…
It got my eyes low, and make me ride slow
I keep the hydro, lit like a pyro, this how I try ho!
I’m goin’ big places bitches you try and go
But we can kick it like Taebo, I know, ya heard it all before, but you never pushed convertible Azzures
Tryna get you out that skirt and then them drawers, and pull back the curtain ‘cause the view is just perfect of the shore
I’m perfect and I’m sure
For certain, and the merkin’ is for sure
Kill the smirkin’ when I’m burstin’ in the door
I’m worser than before
I’m worser than them verses I beversed without rehearsin’
It’s for certain I’m the boar

It’s curtains for these whores, tryna work me, tryna jerk me, I'mma score
This is urgency, I burgundy your floor
Throw my mercy on the court, I’m like Worthy on the court
Ye ain’t worthy of my sport I wake up early in the morn’ then I’m gone
They should call me “over the fence” I choose offense over defense
Plus I run niggas home, like a home run over the fence
So run home before homes jump over the fence
I’m in that Rover with tens, bumpin’ that HOVA and Cris
-stopher Wallace, my cliques the wildest, I’m a soldier ya bitch
Momma show me them tits, I got that Moet and that Cris
They names was Chrissy and Mo, so sip some more of that crisp, switch!

Now I’m crawlin’ through the window of your crib, while you’re playin’ Nintendo with ya kids, what it is?
I hear niggas got a lot to say
I’m tryna make it to the top, they tryna block the way
I put Chronic on the block, like I’m Dr. Dre
My niggas got that blow out, like they Docta J. I was told the cockle spray…

Aim that fuckin' ratchet, Hold it, load it, toad it, and choke it, made in fuckin’ basses
Blow they ass to smitherines, ‘til it ain’t enough of caskets
Tech’ll make such a mess, you can’t clean it up with napkins
Sicker than mixin’ liquor with angel dust and aspirin
I’m cool as a motherfucker, but I’m dangerous when rappin’
Niggas that's on the block, they masters slingin’ bustin’ trappin’. Getting money, if you think that you could hang with us, I’m laughin’
Yeah, it’s funny
See money rule the world, I don’t know what it do to girls, for them diamonds jewels and pearls
Break it down like: Is it the money that’s makin’ em fiend for the shit that they know we could probably screen?
A lot of the [?]
Maybe that was too fast for you so just let me slow it down
If you didn’t know I was the shit well now you know it now

I gotta hold it down, my city right behind me
We rockin’ tanks and kapris, homie we like it grimy
We live that life of crimies
Hold two gats like they Siamese, eyes runnin like we Chinese
Look you know where to find me
B.A.L.T. to the I. Need I say MORE? Heat to the sky
Pop with with you, and then we rockin’ jewels so what we gotta do to get a piece of the pie?
Real G’s gon’ ride when shit get big
We comin’ and dumpin’ them flips and shit
You dummin’ to something your whip ain’t shit
I’m stuntin’ in something ridiculous

Do you know what this is? I do this shit to live
Nigga these clips are spare, I don’t need no witnesses
This fit for hit your head, get shots’ll split your wig
Til your brains on the fishin' graves
Rockin' blue you fit the crib
Bang and Rang, what up with you blood?
I ain’t claimin’ nothin’ but the crew love
Bloc clique shit, I fucks with true thugs
Knew a lot of niggas that wasn’t too tough
Now it’s bloody murder and ammunition when hammer’s clickin’ niggas runnin’ pockets with potem problems we’re bangin’ out
Plus I’m burnin’ for recognition, they jammin’ 'cause this shit is gonna cockin' we’re watchin’ plottin’ and hangin’ out
It ain’t a doubt, that’s that’s shit that you feel
Shit that you love is that shit that you real
This shit is the shit with explicitly skill
Terrific, exquisite, exhibit you bitch
My niggas, they ditch if we’re snitches you bitch
They clap with the mac, for they’ll scratch if you itch
Forgettin’ you peoples, and sleep with the fish
They fear me, you hear how I’m freakin' this shit?

We deep in this bitch, my peeps in this bitch
I don’t wanna hear a peep in this bitch
Please! Tell Money stop grillin’ I ain’t peepin’ his bitch
And even if I creep, I ain’t keepin’ his bitch
I represent the streets in this bitch, the project life
The plush presidential suites in this bitch
Y'all niggas lookin’ sweet in this bitch- pause
I guess I got a little wrapped up in my bars
I play with the flow, like a cat to a mouse
Right before he kill it, then it’s back to the house
I’m in the lack with the pouch, some call em pokeouts
I hop out and choke out the nigga that got the choke out

Then get smoked out
My niggas loke (look) out
You still wipin’ off your sneakers, we pull boats out
To get in your folks house, pull the bolts out of the door
Pull up with guns, nigga pull the coat out of the floor
When I pull the stroke, out of your whore
She like damn LoS, what you don’t got it no more?
I’m like damn ho, what you don’t get it no more?
You get it once and you don’t get it no more
Ho why would she get it now, if that hooker ain’t get it before
I get it down, like a Jeep, you inconsiderate whore!

Get in some shit with your bore, I'm finna get it for sure
I’m finna rip me a tour, I'm finna kick that is ore
Look if rappin' don't work, I'm finna flip me some raw
You finna attempt me c'mon. I'm finna dip from the law
I’m finna get me this little bitch that finna give me some jaw
I’m finna pent me a broad. You finna attempt to be hard
You finna wile like you a problem, but you fit to be solved
I'm finna figure if my four-fifth'll fit in this jar

Motivation every time I sit in them cars
Feel the plush leather seats, and keep spittin' them bars
Hit your broad to get some brain she like The Wizard of Oz
Hold on my pivot on the block I can't wikit with starve
I mean we're starvin' for the scratch I'll scratch these bitch niggas off
'Til I'm flyin' in a plane like I'm too big for the car
With the wheel scrape on the wells cause they too big for the car
Put this sig to your jaw, man I’m sick of the yard!
Oh yeah this nigga is raw, like Eddie Murphy in leather
Hear my voice on these tracks, don’t they go perfect together?
I could merk it whenever, workin' I'm certainly clever
I am perfectly better, I will irk you for cheddar
Got the worstest vendetta, that a nigga could have
So sit down, if you can’t stand me getting’ this cash
Man I get in this ass, call me wedgie, no webbie
Screamin' give me that pussy, push me to pull out this dezzie
In the truck with a lezzie, Jewels cut to the bezzie
Play the grip for the slippers, a few bucks for the Chevy
This is nothing, I'm ready
Niggas bluffin' and petty
Pop my trunk and grab my bump, turn his guts to spaghetti
I'm feelin' tougher than Pesci

Feeling lucky? Don’t push me
Pull your skirt for what it’s worth; you get fucked in your pussy
Nigga don’t hush me and shush me I’m talkin' loud for a reason
You a punk and you jump up, then you’re down for a beatin'
You hear the sound of the beat, and you just start poundin' your feet
When the pussy niggas ridin' by, duckin' down in the seat
You can tell they being rebellious from the sound of the feet
They in the pool with a fool, they ‘bout to drown in the deep
See this is shake ‘em, I’m a wake ‘em, and then clown ‘em for sleepin'
When that pound get to squeakin', they get found in the reapin'
Holdin' this own and it's leakin', lay him down for the weekend
Movin' ground when I'm speakin', don't wanna be around when I'm geekin'
Welcome to hell nigga peekin', what I’m gon' tell to the deacon?
When you catch shells in your beacon like what the hell he was sleepin'
Guess the devil could meet him
Guess the reaper could greet him
Like I need to defeat him, as I proceed to delete him
This the key to your freedom
Feed 'em the D.E. and heat 'em, beat 'em leave 'em bleedin' and blind, barely breathin' and dyin'
That nigga dying like withering wheat
I'm in exerting energy just shiver and they’ll speak
Yo! [?] is deep
So I fall in the page, silently swear to keep it real wit y'all for all of my days
Back in school, you can catch me in the hall with my haze
Bitch you ain't hittin' this blunt, why you all in my face?
Y'all niggas call us and race, I'm bout to lap you and pass you
Anybody in my way, fuck the hassle I’ll clap you
See me I razzle and dazzle, 'cause I'm fresh like “Uh”
Hangin' out the window, banging that tech like “uh”
You stumble when you catch one in your neck like “uh”

'Cause I'm walkin' like a man, my finger on the trigger
Pocket full of money, I'm a Baltimore nigga
Call the law nigga, this is murda, first degree
These niggas buggin', they don’t wanna trade a verse with me
Adversin' me is a-a-additional adversity, I add verbs for free
But don’t think my adverbs are free, 'cause I'm a pro now
I reflip the prefix to metaphors and pronouns
Shorty slow down, it's 'bout to go down
And any nigga who don't know, he bout to know now

See no clown gon' stop my shine
Long as I got my 9 and my block I'm fine
I know niggas gotta drop sometimes, that’s how it be cousin
I can stop my grind just 'cause the streets buzzin'
'Cause when the heat bust in, niggas’ll scatter
And if anybody ran em then what nigga is badder?
It ridiculous chatter, real niggas call it ho talk
That’s the way that hoes talk, that’s the path that I don’t walk
So don’t squawk, when I run up with the beat either
Squeeze the D.E. and leave three in your cheap beater
I cheap the sweep jeeber until I get nice
And it ain't stress or nothing homie its just life!

'Cause I'm the slick type
Pose-in-the-whip type
Clothes-in-the-flip type
Put-hoes-on-the-strip type
We need a broke type
Neighborhood joke type
Bullshit smoke type
Can't flip coke like damn
I thought he was the man
I thought he had a plan
I thought he was movin' grams
Lemme give him a hand (clap clap clap)
He about to get his fuckin' man (clap clap clap)
In his van (clap clap clap)
And his fam' (clap clap clap)
Damn I smashed that track
I ain't even started motherfucker I'm retarded
I ain't even lyin' man, I ain't even tryin' damn
This jungle music, I'm the king of the lion fam'
I ain't playin' my stilly’ll killy you
I'm off the hizzy fashizzy nizzy im really ill

I like the billyill of my hat to be really low
The feel skillyills of these rest could really blow
They like the wheelios on my lat 'cause they really glow
I keep it trilly with these bitches and silly hoes

No really though, go and roll that philly ho
Hit my nigga on the jizzer, like what the dealio?
Here we go. Grad some drank, I’ll grab some smoke, we’ll mix ‘em both
Get some hoes and switch your clothes
Jizzy grab that Chris and Mo!
I attract the biggest hoes, 'cause I attack with a vicious flow
Ride in the back and my wrist is froze and on my back is the slickest clothes. Yo!

You know that nigga Los?
Yeah man, that nigga dope
Nah man that nigga broke
Look man I'm sick of folks
The first prick I poke, I'mma leave the knife in him
Twist it counterclockwise then ask him if he like livin'
It got a rusty blade on it, so its like venom
But it'll turn you boys to men, like Mike Bivins
Y'all like kittens, when the Pitbull come
Blow up, empty your clip for fun
Lets live more tongue
These chicks lick dick for fun big clip, spit clips for fun
And by the time your boy done, its gonna be ugly
But (you, and you, and you, and you, and you gon', you gon', you gon', you gon', you gon', you gon' you gonna love me)