[Verse 1]
Diamonds on me homie I look like I move a brick a day
My Chevrolet the color yay
I look like a vaca
I look like a king pin
I hit you when them things in
I hope nobody tell on me
All this fish-scale on me
My Benz look like a Brinks truck
Don't simp and Cuban Link
The celebrity chef I drop a deuce it dry it glow the sink up
Fish and grits split, we got all that in the 6
They got all that in the 3, I got a line Trestletree
Sittin' here trappin' sippin' Act
Who got them perc? Let's throw one back
Who wants some smoke? Let's get one in
Say fuck a bitch and fuck her friend
I'm a dog, dog pound, dog 'em out, get dog a check
Nigga play with me I will kill with this kill tech in Tom Ford
Servin' Tommy Lee and Pamela, drug handler, drug lord
Fuck dem boy, call my whore, serve that whore
Break the law, break the force, steal from me I break your jaw
I'm pushin' keys, I'm movin' snow
I'm boss-in-charge, I got that blow (woah)

[Hook]
Bruce Lee, blue cheese, pushin' keys
Bad bitches, real niggas fuck with me
Sippin' lean, servin' clean fuck with me
Strapped up, nigga please fuck with me
Baby girl how you doin'? Fuck with me
Fuck your man. Fuck he doin'? Fuck with me
What you need? Know I got you, fuck with me
Change your life overnight, fuck with me

[Verse 2]
Sippin' up out the Styrofoam
Weak niggas get styled on
Your bitch hit my line ain't got no money she gettin' a dial tone
Straight up out Atlanta with it
Fresh up out of Walter's clean
I'm Frank Sinatra, Sammy, Dean, Peter, Joey on string
Rat pack, quarter-brick in back pack
Quarterback your bitch sack and kick back
Hijack that little pussy
See my trap house like the mall, we got them cookin'
A.P.D. gonna try and book it
I'm young and quick, and I'm young and rich
I'll match a bitch, I'm on the grit
Workin' a stick, workin' a brick
Wrap them work, I'm workin' a bitch
Workin' a scale, workin' a bale
Bitch get lost you're workin' a player
A new big bag, work with them heels
Heard your snitch ass workin' a deal
Work that deal, I'm gonna work this mil
Move that work while I'm workin' the wheel

[Hook]
Bruce Lee, blue cheese, pushin' keys
Bad bitches, real niggas fuck with me
Sippin' lean, servin' clean fuck with me
Strapped up, nigga please fuck with me
Baby girl how you doin'? Fuck with me
Fuck your man. Fuck he doin'? Fuck with me
What you need? Know I got you, fuck with me
Change your life overnight, fuck with me