[Verse 1]

You can bet that I had just cause
With anyone I've crossed
So I never touch pause
Whenever I bust jaws
You'll see nothing but stars
Then I'm blowing up cars
Fuck livin' on the edge
I've already jumped off
What's gravity?
Another one of them dumb laws
That I'm gonna brush off
And set me some bombs off
Cuz I brought the ruckus
Hit you with a pulse charge
You'll be sky high, bye-bye
Why? Just 'Cause
He don't really need no reason
With how much havoc Rico's wreakin'
I'm makin' waves in the form of tornados
I can chase storms in my weather winnebago
From the heavens I fell, but to hell with a halo
You got ammo to sell, then I'll shell out the pesos
Hit 'em like a strike of lightnin'- I'm a thunderous gent
Except your chances of gettin' zapped - A hundred percent
You better keep your ears plugged or I'll pierce your eardrums
If the c4 blows when you're near some
Then you're deaf, no fear, you can't hear none
But I'll kick your rear if you say my beard is weird, son


[Chorus]

I get a high from that free fall feelin'
They call me an adrenaline junkie, anyone dealin'?
Do you want some?
Kick down your doors and crash through your ceiling
I do it for the rush, there's really no rhyme or reason
Just 'Cause


[Verse 2]

I got my Ph.D. in demolition
Dr. Rodriguez has given you this prescription
A couple plastic explosives, that's for your fortress
Symptoms include massive blasts and some corpses
I got the ladies sayin', Ricky, you're loco
Livin' La Vida Loca, you should come lay low, oh
I'm the kind of guy you'll find walkin' in slow mo
When an explosion goes off, that's how I roll, bro
You like fighting dirty? I can too
But you don't wanna find out how low I can stoop
I'll tie you up to a live rocket by your boots
And wish you happy travels, you're gonna like the moon
Clean up your act, you don't wanna be a drag, darlin'
I'll hitch your ass to my whip and have you rag-dollin'
Listen here's a physics lesson - objects in motion
That I am controllin' - result in explosions
I burn bridges any chance I get
I'll backhand the black hand, after that I'll jet
They say they're not afraid of me, but their pants are wet
Forget life insurance bitch, you're already dead



[Chorus]

I get a high from that free fall feelin'
They call me an adrenaline junkie, anyone dealin'?
Do you want some?
Kick down your doors and crash through your ceiling
I do it for the rush, there's really no rhyme or reason
Just 'Cause


[Verse 3]

What's the forecast south of the border?
A big storm comin' in to rile up the order
I'll leave 'em lookin' like they just got pounded with mortars
Another faction that I'll overthrow - rally supporters
Miss Morales, you heard of my talents?
And the countless rebellions that I have amounted
Let me reel you in, I'll rock you till your body's shook
And once the party starts, mama then it's off the hook
I got corrupt governments and companies sick of me
I won't bother whistleblowing, I'll blow 'em to smitherines
Remember this after you've suffered the tough loss
I had a just cause, but I had to, Just 'Cause



[Chorus]

I get a high from that free fall feelin'
They call me an adrenaline junkie, anyone dealin'?
Do you want some?
Kick down your doors and crash through your ceiling
I do it for the rush, there's really no rhyme or reason
Just 'Cause