[Intro: Price]
Free Matt
Free Ninja
Free Ranch
B-Oh-Dub nigga you already know what it is

[Verse 1: Price]
One time
Okay, all my niggas real ones no time for the fake friends
Boy we 'bout that action we gon' get it we don't make plans
All I touch is money, tell me no I don't shake hands
I spend your main woadie up on the floor and tell her breakdance
Touch all on that cleavage niggas undeveloped like fetus
Get to playin' round with my money we gon' buttheads no Beavis, hu
Some niggas trippin'? Hold up
That's that nigga where he from and yeah so what nigga
You ain't know 'bout know pimkie-thumbin'
Ya niggas speak up on the heat then all my niggas drummin'
And if it's beef up in the streets then all my niggas commin'
Ya tryna meet well bring the heat, now y'all niggas runnin'
Behind the cam stuntin', paparazzi all back
10 thousand at the bar, what you know about that?
You ain't trynna trap, what you sellin' for?
You claimin' that you real, what you niggas tellin' for?
I get it, y'all braggers and bolsters
Get to fabricating them rappers that you see all up in them posters
I be drink the blue for my [?]
Spark that OG for my smokers
And I'm in a place so much ace y'all niggas think you playin' poker
For all you niggas bluffin', I suggest you save it
I give ya boys [?]
That's HS87 and you know we run the map
R.I.P to my haters and put a C in front of that


[Hook: Price]
Put that on some, yeah nigga I can bang that
Baby bend it over, switch it fast push your frame back
Posted in the yards, yeah that's where my gang at
B-Oh-Dub reppin' and ain't nobody who can change that
Put that on some, yeah nigga I can bang that
Put that on some, yeah nigga I can bang that
Put that on some, yeah nigga I can bang that
B-Oh-Dub reppin'

[Verse 2: Oktane]
Uhhh
You talkin' to the boss put your head up
I ain't talkin' to you girl keep your face down
This for all my niggas with their bread up
And all my girls with somethin' fat from the waist down
The ratio is 1 to probably 5
So if you got beef with us you should probably be quiet
And if you say you better than me then you probably lyin'
And anything you put that on, it probably die (turn up)
We are HS87! Who are you?
Hit is the general, I'm the sniper on the roof
Ain't no pickin' me off, pickin' me off
I ain't a bomb and you takin' me off
I don't think you'll gettin' rid of me dawg
Speaking of dogs I'm sick of them all, roof
I said it and I'm sittin' on it
If all these lames are in the game then I'm spittin' on it
See that's the team, ain't no extra ain't no gettin' on it
I put it down so good that it sound written don't it?
It's not!
I just do it baby I'm that nice
See that's Hit-Boy, that's B Mac, that's Rey Reel, that's Price
I'm Oktane [?] say I'm ugly and still like me
Take it back and I still pipe it
And if it's you then I still wife it
Eyes closed, you can not see me here
And the beat is cryin' mercy like a Lamborghini's here
Cause I bring it to any square, where you lames at?
I put that on my mama and I swear to god and I bang that
You put that on some

[Hook: Price]
Put that on some, yeah nigga I can bang that
Baby bend it over, switch it fast push your frame back
Posted in the yards, yeah that's where my gang at
B-Oh-Dub reppin' and ain't nobody who can change that
Put that on some, yeah nigga I can bang that
Put that on some, yeah nigga I can bang that
Put that on some, yeah nigga I can bang that
B-Oh-Dub reppin'

[Verse 3: N.No]
Okay, Evilside N.No bitch you know the name
Big chillin' killin' me and my gang
PT you my trooper, my nigga ain't nothin' changed
Mirror at the mirror just call it a Chevy chain
Loosin' ain't a option
You was sellin' blow up I was breakin' hoes pockets
When we had that work, niggas know we had it poppin'
Fuck with the SQ and you gon' double up your profit
Yea-yea-yea-yes, been thuggin' since we started
You niggas must be stupid a full blown retarted
To think that you can fuck we my clique
And clearly we the hardest
In probably something foreign fuck your bitch 'til she snorin'
[?]  getting lifted
Usual fly Crip and that hating shit for the birds
And you niggas are flocking pigeons
Kushin' out with these bitches
Came with some other bitches
And fly whips they be kicking, [?] distance

[Hook: Price]
Put that on some, yeah nigga I can bang that
Baby bend it over, switch it fast push your frame back
Posted in the yards, yeah that's where my gang at
B-Oh-Dub reppin' and ain't nobody who can change that
Put that on some, yeah nigga I can bang that
Put that on some, yeah nigga I can bang that
Put that on some, yeah nigga I can bang that
B-Oh-Dub reppin'