[Hook: Paid Will & (Masoe)]
There he go hit the lights
(Whatup that chop nigga)
There go the house
(Fuck that lets tear up the block nigga)
If he move you know the rules
(Yeah pop niggas)
Don't be taking all day we in an out nigga damn I hate to do it to niggas
(First 48)
Bro I think it's 2 of them niggas
(First 48)
This shit might make the news my nigga
(First 48), first 48, (first 48), first 48, (first 48)
Where these niggas I see em Mas
(Them niggas got low)
He in the crib on the corner
(I'm bout' to kick in the door)
I got the 40 what you got?
(I fuck around brought the Mac)
Where that nigga Young at?
(He bout' to creep through the back)

[Verse 1: Paid Will]
Oh there he go nigga don't move better put up them hands
I want that watch I want that chain nigga and all them bands
So if you move my niggas do what I say do if I say shoot what the fuck you think them boys gon' do?
Pull them triggers pull them triggers now you gone my nigga
Had he wishin' he was still sitting at home my nigga
Hoes fucked up, got it on my own my nigga
Bull fully blown we don't fully blow my nigga
BandGang!

[Hook]

[Verse 2: Masoe]
Biggs tell em' they trippin' why we ain't signed yet
Got choppas' that shoot for hours  don't look through blinds yet 20 deep
With ice bust chillin' in yo projects
If you niggas looking for us why we ain't died yet? We here
Bullets appeared don't be on TV nigga
Cooking dope choppas' with drums that's a CD nigga kill you
Him and him, that's a 3D nigga second summer I'm on my shit
Tryna' 3 Peat nigga I'm shootin'
Get in that room don't say a word to these niggas
Hold metal hittin' scalps like a perm to these niggas, hoes [?]
Still do em' ain't concerned bout' a nigga
Big Glocka I call it Waka shootin' words out at niggas we coming
End of discussion niggas money we love it
For the AP or BAP them real killas coming [?] bitch we ain't worried bout' nothing
Might double back, drop a stack and leaving bitch niggas nothing

[Hook]

[Verse 3: Javar Escobar]
Got them shootas' on my head, you must be sniffing coke
[?] make em' disappear pussy hocus pocus
Push a victim with that choppa' leave a nigga homeless
You a pussy only thing you leave a bitch is phones
Got him scared for his family had to move twice
He copping pleas on the phone tryna' make it right
I don't trust him we don't off him he the iffy type
BA hit him with that freezer got his ass iced
(Newscaster: 32 murders in 15 days, and that does not include non fatal shootings)
He be lying to these hoes tryna' impress a thot
Gave that bitch a headache talking guns you never shot
Gucci [?] holders like Iraq on the block
Long clips look like a ladder poking out of the Glock
(Newscaster 2: An alarming increase in the city's murder rate over the last year. The latest numbers show 375 murders in Detroit. That's the highest rate since 1994. And those numbers have climbed since that report.)