[Verse 1:Selah]
It goes down when it goes up
You and Him ain't never pay the same you and him ain't never go Dutch
Netherlands never never never land y'all ain't never grow up
I'm fitter than a fiddle all that monkey in the middle betta slow up...
I'm the riding through my city, everybody coming with me Ima be there in a jiffy
All I hear is murda murda murda but you never murda nothin nothin ever gettin murdered..
All I hear is burna burna burna but ya homey only got it you ain't never got the burner
Talkin bout you be up in the garden but your people never planted you ain't never got the turn up
I done seen it all, and I can see the writing on the wall good God oh Lord

[Hook]
Y’all ain't never nothing but a replay
Yea I heard it all before man y’all ain't saying nothing but a cliché
Tell me again who the best huh?
I’m all ears, I’m all ears
That ain't nothing but a cliché

[Verse 2]
914 til the door close...
I take it the bank that the team will never forclose...
You be on that shoulda woulda couldie
You a killa but you prolly wear the flannel with the footie
Pushin 50 but you lookin like you banging with the hoodie
You a youngin at the heart you a oldie but a goodie right?...
No no, tell rap say hi to the other guy..
I tell my youngin with the onion that the grass ain't green on the other side, And love ain't never blind when you lookin at the tears that a mother cry, Everybody wanna pull it, but dont nobody ever wanna bite the bullet good Lord, oh Lord

[Hook]
Y’all ain't never nothing but a replay
Yea I heard it all before man y’all ain't saying nothing but a cliché
Tell me again who the best huh?
I’m all ears, I’m all ears
That ain't nothing but a cliché


[Bridge]
Slumming and drugging and money on money on money becoming
The women you getting the ladies be loving
The way you be stunting, your haters be fronting
Your killers is gunning your enemies running
The police is hunting, the prison is coming
But you getting money and yadah [6x]


[Verse 2: Bizzle]
So you wanna be the bad guy huh?
Oh I get it now your Scarface
And that’s fly til the shell hit your backside
Now your Donatello what a heartbreak
Say you going hard for your set boy
Yea til they put them choppers in the air like a car chase
I’ll pull every card in your deck boy
You don’t really wanna die between a rock and a hard place
So quit your monkeying around stop playing with the fire
Rock with me and I’m aiming it like David and Goliath
I remember back when Ye had to say it through the wire
Man I pray I never change be the same when I retire uh
Go hard or go home uh
You roll with God or you don’t roll uh
And I ain't got enough room in the whip for you
I ain't got enough gas make another trip for you yah!

[Hook]
Oh Lord, Y’all ain't never nothing but a replay
Yea I heard it all before man y’all ain't saying nothing but a cliché
Tell me again who the best huh?
I’m all ears, I’m all ears
That ain't nothing but a cliché

Yadah,  yadah