[Intro]
Yeah! For Real! GOD over Money!
Forever Mobbin’ bruh! HOG MOB Nigga, yeah
I’m fully convinced of this thing you feel me? Yeah
I've seen it with my own eyes
I've felt it with my own heart, yeah ay
Ya digg?

[Verse]
My whole city is a cemetery, brains buried in smeared guts
The proof of my sorrow ain’t carried in tear ducts, nah
I don’t fear much, they be buckin' here
I slept in my bucket here and crept like a buccaneer
I came from beneath dust just like an Arabian tomb
To glow like the Mesopotamian moon
I ain’t playin' I learned to bang in the womb
They still got they baby teeth mane
Beef's what I mainly consume
Yeah
I washed it down with the deuce double dash
Lights out with the sawed off  --
Double blast
Hoping to feed LORD  my soul will be restored
Before I leave my enemies deported to the morgue
Huh I’m so famished won't manage to last
Without encouragement for nourishment the cannon'll blast
Get ready for the famine or you planning to crash
Like high speed with eyes squeezed and both hands on the gas
When I sleep I see a man in a mask
That’s why I feel I gotta keep enough heat
To turn sand into glass
No weapon formed against me prospers
But I’m overly cautious hit my knee I go to war at these altars
You can tell he’s a soldier even strolling he marches
Got an army of HOG MOB warriors and archers
Born in the storm where we poor and they starve us
And every part of my heart grew as cold as the arctics
From an era where my state’s death toll is the largest
And I’m still losing them to the tomb and multiple charges
Yeah, he ain’t know that the cats he serving
Had been plotting on his stacks since he last observed 'em
You could almost hear his casket urging “relax!”
Then they swerve through the trap in that black suburban
And this is when a normal day becomes the active version
HKs lift your face like a plastic surgeon
He ain’t get to let his plastic serve him
It’s too late for that, no headstone dog
We ain’t got no cake for that
No high-priced coffin with the brass on the crown
Just a plot with fresh grass and a plaque on the ground
The angel of death’s here and he came for his reckoning
I pray to the Saviour from the manger in Bethlehem
Cause they betrayed Him on the creep and tied Him
But He still turned His cheek when they beat and tried Him
And His niggas said, "JESUS if it’s beef we ridin'"
Then His closest homie Pete denied Him
You ain’t read about Him?
He even seen the faces of the peeps
That He healed in the streets up in the people crowdin'
Now the Greeks and the Hebrews doubt Him
Desired Him to die they hung Him high
And threw some thieves beside Him
And He still kept the peace inside Him
Lift His head to the sky and said
“They dead LORD please revive 'em.”

[Outro]
Yeah, see I can’t speak for you
I can only speak on what I know
What I’ve seen, what I’ve experienced you feel me
I ain’t wanna live, I ain’t want God but here I am, haha
It’s cause He's real!
For real!
GOD over Money Forever Mobbin’ yeah!