[Intro]
God Over Money!, Datin!
Brick Chevy!
Ayy you already know what it is!
Uh oh

[Verse 1]
Ooh, I'm upset I read this post and yo his statement said
Don't label me no Christian rapper, CHH is dead
I'm thinking this lil boy ain't take his meds
How ignorant and prideful of him, it must be cash that inflates his head
I swear I know his type his motives are misplaced
He spread into Christian hip hop, but not to share his faith
Instead, he was on that paper chase and when the boy ain't make his bread
And he was not embraced the way he thought he'd be embraced he fled
Into the mainstream looking to (?) now yokin' himself to these other clowns posin' he's been brown nosin'
And clout chasin' some of people have been
Downloadin' music off his Soundcloud and man they got him wild open
So he turns around hopin' that the genre that he couldn't profit from would die he likes to put us down jokin'
I'm thinkin' I'll show him I'll rip him kinda like how Hogan would rip his tank top lyrically I'll smoke him
But then I calm down (down)
And I take some breathers (take some breathers)
And than I repent (you're forgiven)
Thank you Jesus!
Man they just mad cause' they did not get what they wanted from this thing
But this goes out to whoever that statement coming from
You sayin' that it's disrespectin' what the Lord does
Not only him but all of the fans that support us
If you think that CHH is dead you either snort dust
Or your nuts
We 'bout our Father's business don't ignore us, we here

Dialouge:
Ayo Manny, I still got 16 more bars
I don't know if we wanna record this one might get us in trouble
This makes you a culprit you'll be just as guilty
Let's go!

Verse 2:

They screamin' Christian rap is dead that's hella wicked
Tell em' visit one of our shows, if it's dead how we sellin' tickets?
On any day and night hundreds will show up praisin' Christ
You want your name in lights but couldn't book a show to save your life
That's why, your statement sounded kinda crazy
To say you better be able to out-rhyme a KB
Loso, Saga, Street, A.Ward the team that's dyin' daily
A.I, Sicily, Angie Rose can you out-rhyme these ladies?
How 'bout Da T.R.U.T.H., J. Monty, Gemstones or Mr. Eshon?
A squad like RMG, Lamp Mode add Humble Beast on that list
Christon, Taelor Gray, Swoope or KJ-52?
(?) down and Flame up and I ain't talking Piru
Your statement is stretch kinda like the (?)
Add Social Club, Young (?), Zauntee, Steven Malcolm
Trip, The Indie Tribe, Sho, Jackie Hill Perry
H.O.G. Mob, God Over Money, these rappers will bury
Anybody you can could put up, lyricism is coming back
We hold the torch passed by the Cross Movement and Tunnel Rats
So miss me with your mumble rap that doesn't slap
You keep your dumb opinions to yourself next time you come with facts

Dialogue:
Yo Manny, the nerve of these cats bruh!
You hear them?
You hear these cats?!
Aw man I got one more verse
Let me at em'!
Let me at em'!
Yeah!

Verse 3:

In retrospect I really try not to get upset
And let them flex as they the just reflect the world to get them checks
Children gettin' press cause' like a warm corpse they fresh to death
But than neglect in depth in the music have I've been tempted? Yes
Many times I wanted to hit they line like it's debt collect
But let it rest but now they out here disrespectin' vets
So I gotta rep the set (?) everything they write will be erased when we shake up the game like an etch-a-sketch
I'm warning you like it's (?) protect yo neck
Cuz pride will pin you down like wrestlefest
True progression rest in his hands and it will seem effortless
When God is orchestrating your moves and he directs your steps
Let me take this time to make an announcement
Though a lot of cats are dissin' CHH than announce it
Just know we hear to stay God over Money's the squad Indeed
And Menace Movement's the family a branch that's growing off the tree
Just like the homie Bizzle opened the door for me
I'm gonna turn around and open the door up for more MC's
Than they use they gift to preach the Gospel that saves
If compromise is the trend we run the opposite way, it's the menace movement

Dialogue:
I mean bruh, you forced my hand
You was talkin' extra crazy bruh
It's just a little bit of rebuke and love we'll all get past it ya feel me?
God Over Money
I don't know if you missed the last 4 bars of the verse and let it go over your head but just like Biz opened the door for me I'll be opening the door for other like-minded MC's
It's the Menace Movement