[Intro: KSI]
You know you fucked up, bro
You know you fucked up
You know?
Tommy Gun shit

[Verse 1: KSI]
How much wood can the woodchuck chuck
If the woodchuck looked like you? (bitch)
I'ma have fun, when the nigga here done
Yeah, the woodchuck would chuck none
Think you're a big man with a shrimp dick, man
I'ma click-click-clack (bang)
I'ma tell 'em how I see it
The only bitch that I'll bitch slap, turn you into Riff Raff
Nigga, I'ma kill 'em with the red blade
Gotta lift the fat when you get laid
You a waste of time like a blunt blade
Em and your mum need my upgrade
L for days, I'm switching plays
I fuck with FaZe, the no-scope then I hit and blaze
In the same room we both know you can't afford
You need my shit so take the shit
Your content shit, your Twitch is shit, your 'gram is shit
I find it hella funny needing Cal to help save your shit
You really are a pussy (shit)
Tell me, are you clean or a bushy?
Don't fuck with you or that dumb one Ohio nigga
I took aim and I pulled the trigger
In the end tell me, who'll be bigger?
Yeah, yeah not you nigga, 'cause I'ma 8-figure all time pro
Not at the top so you really don't know
Keep playing PUB, only game I see you winning as my enemy
The 3rd degree, the guarantee, na you don't wanna battle me
'Cause I'ma leave you in the dirt like a sesame
Brother you are not ready
Top heavy prick with the pot belly, Rob Kelley, woah

[Pre-Chorus: KSI]
You think that the diss at your king is the wise thing to do while I'm feeding you?
I'ma keep calling you fat 'cause that's all of the shit that I see in you
All six side boys hating 'cause this nigga was the man in the whole group
Nigga in the room, writing words for the tomb, 'cause I come in with a 6 feet

[Chorus: KSI]
Earthquake, earthquake
Yeah, see a nigga move then earthquake, earthquake
Yeah, see a nigga lose then earthquake, earthquake
Game over
You ain't ready for business, you on the run, fitness

[Verse 2: RiceGum]
Are you fat or you pregnant
Like a mix of a dyke and a feminist
Fat rolls on your stomach and your neck and wrists
Cross eyed Ron Weasley with the breasts and shit
Everyone in Sidemen is irrelevant
What views did you get before heaven sent
KSI to your life let's measure it
That's none and y'all been his bitch ever since
How you so fat but your bank is not?
And you're living in the house JJ done bought
I'ma wait til your weight is lost
Gotta live with your boobs like Megan from Drake and Josh
All the titles is aimed for me
Another diss track trend that was made from me
PewDiePie fell off, it's a shame to see
Yeah his views ain't the same, like he changed beliefs
Yeah, they always hate on me, I don't listen
I'm too busy getting laid, Hawaiian necklace
I don't want to talk about those Ohio bitches
Talk shit but they soft like Brian Griffin (ayy!)
Pullin' up to my house that's a no-no
Come again you gon' get the action like a GoPro
Jake, how you get dropped from your own show?
Try so hard to ride the wave like a rowboat
But you gon' float, that's your girl? Ugh!
Yeah you cuffed the wrong one like a dumb cop
Nick come out the closet, why you wear that same shit every day like Spongebob?

[Verse 3: KSI & RiceGum]
All these niggas thinking they can speak
Still I'm making more than them a week
These pussies on contract
Don't bother trying or replying with a comeback

[Pre-Chorus: KSI]
You think that the diss at your king is the wise thing to do while I'm feeding you?
I'ma keep calling you fat 'cause that's all of the shit that I see in you
All six side boys hating 'cause this nigga was the man in the whole group
Nigga in the room, writing words for the tomb, 'cause I come in with a 6 feet

[Chorus: KSI]
Earthquake, earthquake
Yeah, see a nigga move then earthquake, earthquake
Yeah, see a nigga lose then earthquake, earthquake
Game over
You ain't ready for business, you on the run, fitness

[Beat Switch]

[Outro: KSI]
Yo, you thought I forgot about you little boy?
Yo, these niggas ain't ready. Yeah!
Little boy trynna get involved, come on then, come on then
Let's get involved, you prick
Posh boy, now wanna rap
Posh boy, now wanna scrap
Posh boy, bout to get clapped
By the end of the verse, you're gonna wish you never did that
Wish you never hit back, just a little boy get a feeling when I get him with a click click click clack (bang!)