Uh, yep. Ahem, I feel like the blue power ranger, the one that nobody likes
Yeah, uh, okay I never been afraid of dyin
And I know I'm not perfect, what's the point to tryin?
They love us but the jealousy will keep em lyin
Who would'a thought this little misfit cats would run this town?
She said if I loved her I'd stay around
Well, I'm absent so now she hates me now
A king to a mob, I could take the crown
Misfits rather burned to death before you see us bow
The rejects, the runaways, the goodie-two shoes will never come this way
I got a bunch of friends that everybody loves to hate, then I got a bunch of friends but everybody knows they're fake. Yeah, what's a king to a mob? Matter fact, what's a king to a god?
Yeah, but what's that king to the king of kings?
To bring my family back, I risk everything
Wolf pack, misfit gang, misfit gang, everything. W-w-wolf pack, misfit gang, misfit gang, everything. W-w-wolf pack, misfit gang, misfit gang, everything. The rejects to everywhere. The rejects to everywhere. (x2)
They said we comin out of nowhere. My city been on me from havin this flow, yeah. I had coke plus I had the smile. No more prison livin, my savior has risen. They gain, a wild boy toned it down to executive. Turned my life around, no axis is excellent. The way that we do it is different from ya'll, but don't think that we crazy. This that flow from the future. I told you I called it, rhythm is crazy. Ever since my baby, I've been goin so hard. Lil Crank got a grammy, now I know that the flow is no prob. It's social club, misfit, better rejects on this go round. Still spittin like a four pound, till them diamonds come down. Take a song, change a life with it. See I'm rappin word for word, that's so serious. Be a blessing, that's what I say. Heard it from the lord but we aren't on record
Wolf pack, misfit gang, misfit gang, everything. W-w-wolf pack, misfit gang, misfit gang, everything. W-w-wolf pack, misfit gang, misfit gang, everything. The rejects to everywhere. The rejects to everywhere. (x2)