[Intro]
Yeah... Hello, from Harlem to Paris...
Niggas embarrased...
I'm Marty Baller... Woo woo...

[Hook 2x]
Walk in this bitch, I'm the shit now (now)
Smoking OG, ain't no pic now (now)
Niggas watch me when I spit now (now)
Marty baller, he legit now (Marty Baller, Marty Baller...)
Diamond grill, six styles (styles)
Bet they love when I smile (style)
Graduated, cap and gown (gown)
But I didn't have to bow

[Verse 1]
Pull up, they know I'm the shit (...I'm the shit)
Baller gang, gettin' lit (...baller gang, gettin' lit)
Pull up, the bitch show yo tits (...show yo tits)
We an army in this shit (...we an' army in this shit)
Its about time to get rich (...time to get rich)
Fuck it, no more hit or licks (...no more hit or licks)
I was just selling bricks (...was just selling bricks)
Now our party gettin' lit (... our party gettin' lit)
Bitches pop molly and shit (...pop molly and shit)
Turn to Bill Cosby real quick (...turn to Bill Cosby real quick)
Man everybody gettin' bit (...man everybody gettin' bit)
Ain't no money gettin' spent (ain't no money gettin' spent)
I'ma party in the penthouse (penthouse)
They just begging me to get out (oww)
Pockets so full, I can't sit down (sit down)
All these bitches takin' pics now  (bitch)
What they think I'm the party of this bitch (prat of this bitch)
I showed my ID, then I was lit (hey)
Couple homie with the grip (with the grip)
Chasing niggas, wanna trip (chase a nigga wanna trip...)
Pull up Rari's with the tents (ahhh)
With homies that got no sense (ain't got no sense)
We drivin' to pay our rent (yeah)
Niggas get drunk and get hit (hit)

[Hook]
Walk in this bitch, I'm the shit now (now)
Smoking OG, ain't no pic now (now)
Niggas watch me when I spit now (now)
Marty baller, he legit now (Marty Baller, Marty Baller...)
Diamond grill, six styles (styles)
Bet they love when I smile (style)
Graduated, cap and gown (gown)
But I didn't have to bow

[Verse 2]
Get it, my momma so happy
I made it, and did it Aunt Jackie
Ain't no more [?] nappy
Make sure my family happy
I remember I was strapped
Ridin' round with my gat
Put my team on the map
Ain't no more selling crack
We gon sell out the Garden
Ball on them now I'm James Harden
Smoking weed, I got a garden
Cardingan, all like I'm Carton
Got a flight, and I'm departin'
Blast off like a Martian
But I be playing my part
Treat the rap just like its art
I do not care for the fame
I do not care for you lames
I I got a gun, and I got aim
Boutta go ice out my chain
Boutta cop me a Range
Chill somewhere in Spain
You gunna remember my name
Same nigga, I 'on't change

[Hook]
Walk in this bitch, I'm the shit now (now)
Smoking OG in the pic no (now)
Niggas watch me when I spit now (now)
Marty baller, he legit now (Marty Baller, Marty Baller...)
Diamond grill, six styles (style)
Bet they love when I smile (smile)
Graduated, cap and gown (gown)
But I didn't have to bow

[Outro Hook]
(Walk in this bitch, I'm the shit now)
(Smoking OG in the pic now)
(Niggas watch me when I spit now)
(Marty baller, he legit now)
(Diamond grill, six styles)
(Bet they love when I smile)
(Graduated, cap and gown)
(But I didn't have to bow)