(Verse 1: G-Mo)
As a four year old
I was eating Oreos
Getting sucked through a glory hole
Slapping bitches on the Maury Show
You know how the story goes
Bitch that ain't my fucking baby, I just can't afford it ho

Maybe it's Nobe's son
I know I'm not the only one
To put a hole in one without a rubber, she's an open slut
I'm going nuts, I'm coconuts
Curb stomp you in Platforms, your fucking skull will crush

It's hardcore, not Blue Clues
I'm from South Park & I say what I choose to
You can take this fucking verse straight to the Newsroom
& print it on the front page of your paper, make it huge dude

Illmaculate theif, strapped to the teeth
The fucking cops ain't capturing me
When I'm clapping the heat
You can be innocent or with the shit
I'm hitting everything but little kids
Pussys

(Hook: G-Mo)
Better Brace Yourself, Muhfucka better Brace Yourself
Better bang yourself, cock the shotgun back then bang yourself
Better Brace Yourself, Muhfucka better Brace Yourself
Better brang some help, cause I'll leave your ass missing like Dave Chappelle

(Verse 2: G-Mo)
Do I play games? Shit nah! Tell Jigsaw
That I'll cut his mothafuckin' lips off! Get lost
When I come through with the blades & razors
Got the kids yelling "Stranger danger!"

Chase the neighbors dressed like a fucking caped crusader
Here to get rid of you fakes & haters! Fuck all yall!
Oddball, in the third grade playing dodgeball
Ass naked with socks on, it's not wrong

If you ask me, I'm a dam beast
Dead bodies in the backseat from last week so pass me
The doobie. Hip Hop, I'm back up in that booty
Spitting this sick shit, hawking loogies. I'm loony

I'll wrap fucking dog in a spider web and bite his head
Chop him up and fry his legs like a China man
& if P.E.D.A. expects me to bitch up and sympathize
They can just eat shit & die....
Bitch

(Hook: G-Mo)
Better Brace Yourself, Muhfucka better Brace Yourself
Better bang yourself, cock the shotgun back then bang yourself
Better Brace Yourself, Muhfucka better Brace Yourself
Better brang some help, cause I'll leave your ass missing like Dave Chappelle