Awkward silent moment. I think we all know it well. Well, probably those who are most well-acquainted are you alpha males. See, I don't respond too well to alpha males. My father was one. I know that moment well. When your own mouth tells on you, making it painfully obvious that your self-assessment is fatally flawed. That's an awkward moment. Know-it-all little boys covered in facial hair and youthful arrogance. Is it possible you're not the smartest one in the room? Is it possible that the manufacturer knows a little more about their products than you do? That is why they wrote directions. We men never outgrew our toys. They're just much more expensive now. Wouldn't you much rather do something right than twice? This is awkward. You have proven what we all thought of you! I don't do too well with alpha males. If you're just stronger and louder than me, I'm supposed to listen. Your obnoxious Affliction shirt is the scepter of your kingdom. You are still just that 6th grade bully, oblivious to the fact that the lunch money you just stole belongs to your future boss. This is awkward. I don't do too well with alpha males, but my problem is in reverse. You ever disagree with someone just to pick at them? They might be right but you ain't wanna give them the satisfaction... This is awkward. I struggle with the concept of police and military. My father was a Vietnam and civil rights war vet, they had him almost die for a country that barely let him vote. You turned fire hydrants on little girls, water pressure ripped skin off. I'm supposed to submit. This is awkward. But is it possible that I don't get it? And my submission is to the King and not so much middle management. But if I truly love the King, I wouldn't fight against his leadership appointees. Maybe I don't know everything. And you, "oh yeah, can you beat me up?" Boys. If your only response to logic and reason is that or, "So? Shut up!" Maybe you shouldn't be in charge. Homie, beefing with the blue dot on your Google Map as if it's a personal attack on your intelligence to think you're lost? Listen. Scream all you want, no one's listening. You can't follow directions or a blue dot, so why should anyone follow you? Maybe in the same vein as Rosa Parks, the best way to stand is to sit and that's brilliant. If you can't follow, you can't ever lead. Real men recognize authority. Sometimes you've gotta bow down to man up.