[Intro]
(Uh, uh, Deevil!) My fault (uh, uh, uh, on)
When the clock strikes 13 (6 minits, 6 minits, 6 minits, on, uh)
Nigga, right

[Hook]
It's about to get worse, they wanna know
What does worse mean?
I'll get back to you when the clock strikes thirteen
Fuck y'all feelings, position face down, shit
I roll another one, then I light it for getting grounded

[Verse]
I touch down, not a minute past thirteen
They wanna pretend my arrival was one of the worst things
But what do their words mean? Fuck 'em anyway
They're sitting around, just praying I put the pen away
Somewhat of a renegade, maybe not so much
Just squattin' on the bomb whenever the fuck it blows up
But really you know what? Sick of you saying I'm jaded
They say that my flow sucks, it's great to say I made it
The underrated, most hated and then some
I don't repent, I toss it in the wind when the sin's done
So gimme the big guns, behold the hesitation
I'm self-medicating this headache in hell pacing
Tell Satan to wait in a cell, patient
I'm burning at the stake, so whenever he smells Jason
I regulate, like a couple of [?]
So shoot for something or fall for nothing like shell casings
Worth waiting, for fucking on five alive
Six times sicker than every senseless homicide
And like a quadriplegic, yeah I'ma ride on 'em
They wanted to battle, but I ain't got the time for 'em
What is your focus, foe? Fire away
Might as well, right? Cause you can die any day
And by the way, burning black tops I be tarred in it
Like the second prototype of my bars are off minute
Y'all admit it, when y'all said it, that it, without a reason
I'm wondering why would they hate on me outta season
I'm looking around for something to put the trees in
And snatch my [?] head off my shoulders to let 'the breeze in
We's in the position of when, then again
We first must harness all the energy within
I'm still short of the duckets they wanted me to lend
And I got nothing to show for it but enemies

[Bridge]
And it's about to get worse, they wanna know
What does worse mean?
I'll get back to you when the clock strikes thirteen
Kill 'em and let god sort 'em, I'm out, B
Repent and you can get the crown to heaven without me

[Hook]
(And it's about to) get worse, they wanna know
What does worse mean?
I'll holla back when the clock strikes thirteen
Fuck y'all feelings, position is face down, shit
I roll another one, then I light it for getting grounded

[Outro]
It's about to get worse, when the clock strikes thirteen, thirteen
Deevil!