Randolph:

We got them sweaty goals, yeah, we like to make it hot
Agbonlahor up on the left and on the right we got Walcott
They make your nose drop, they turn you to a real men
500 miles an hour nearly as fast as my Gran

Don’t even blink or you’re probably gonna miss us
Running rings round you bitches and leaving you in stitches
And I’m sorry I really can’t stay for all the pictures
Cause I gotta head to your house and see to your misses

We’re unbreakable, nobody can match our skills
We’re fast as lightning, it’s like our players running on wheels
So when we get in the box, we don’t shoot, we pass across
And pretend it was a fluke but really it was our plot

And we always scoring goals, we’re not effected by the boredom
Hell no, it’s not easy even Heskey can’t score them
On the wing, we just cross it to the far post
Collecting sweat by the bottle to pour on your mum’s roast

Chorus:
Scoring sweaty goals like I’m out of control
And it’s running so much I need to wipe my nose
And nobody even knows how I do it
All I know is that every day I keep dripping that fluid, yeah

Score a sweaty like you wanna end a drought
You gotta Get what? Get what? Get yo tits out
Do a barrel roll just to piss about you
You gotta Get what? Get what? Get yo tits out

I don’t know what else to say
But you gotta Get what? Get what? Get yo tits out
Girl bring those melons here cos you know what this about
You gotta Get what? Get what? Get yo tits out

KSIOlajideBT:

In my room getting sweaty, fans on full blast
As they see me dripping like Lee Evans on a broadcast
I’m the king of FIFA, my hands are Usain fast
As I rain over these noobs like England weather forecast

Got my black men on the wing, mmmmmm it’s finger licking
Got ahead in the 90, now you’re left there sitting
Constantly missing while I’m constantly hitting
Sweating and betting with EA scripting, I’m winning, ha ha
So you know this game is written yeah all I do is passbacks
Celebrating while holding my really nice nutsacks
Pissing people off with my dirty acts dripping wet
So you know I got that sweaty tax

But I don’t care cos all I’m gonna see are just those classy racks
And you know that’s a fact
I’m a beast, attacking to the max
No need to get jelly with my tactics failing rarely

Don’t hate me and go insane
EA Sports it’s in the game
Now watch me score again
As you just complain
Doing stuff that’s inhumane
You would think I’m David Blaine
Cos the pitch is my domain
Www.noshame and you just can’t do a thang
Cos it’s all in the game

Chorus:
Score a sweaty like you wanna end a drought
You gotta Get what? Get what? Get yo tits out
Do a barrel roll just to piss about you
You gotta Get what? Get what? Get yo tits out
I don’t know what else to say
But you gotta Get what? Get what? Get yo tits out
Girl bring those melons here cos you know what this about
You gotta Get what? Get what? Get yo tits out