[Intro]
Yo, yeah
Shit is real
Yeah

[Verse 1]
S'nothin' greater
Than countin' paper in front of haters that hated
They tried to cut off my cable
Couldn't even watch The Wire
Ain't even see the Lakers
But a nigga seen a kid meet his maker
Shit is like Jamaica with them shottas
If you playin' with that paper
They'll make you see the fire or
They'll take you to the lake
Put your face up on the flyer 'cause I know that you ain't make it
This is Castle Hell
City by the sea, the Devil's favorite
I was raised up, up in building 8
11th floor, kill for cake
Dealt it raw, seal your fate
Million more, pull a Mase down Randall with my nigga Bill
You know that nigga ill
The thought alone'll give a nigga chills
My YGs be on that gun until they die shit
Too fly, down to ride with the mob
Just a bunch of young lords underground with the gods
So be easy 'cause niggas pullin' 9s and them 4s

[Chorus]
I could put the devil on my shoulder
Whispered in my ear like it's over
But he fuckin' with a soldier
I stand tall, never fold, bruh

[Verse 2]
The flight longer than the stay
My nights longer than my day
Shit, these Nikes on me got a ray
I'm a star myself
The price homie had to pay
Gotta guard myself, they sendin' shots like Ray
But I'm god myself, price homie had to pay
Was too large for wealth, can't deposit at the bank
It was hard to dealt, 212, it ain't hard to count
Wanna ball but it's hard to bounce
From the streets to the sweet life
Man the young niggas still hold their heat tight
Addicted to the G life
Man the nigga can't sleep right
I'm havin' nightmares
So my trigger finger right here
Got me bustin' in my dreams, what the fuck is this?
See me thuggin' with my team, check the bucket list
Got a bucket of Cris and a tub full of chips
Poppin' bottles like I won me a 'ship

[Outro: Chace Infinite]
From the birthstone to the tombstone, we strivin' and prosperin'. The character of a man is weighed by his sense of loyalty and responsibility. We are bound to see the course without cowering at the hands of these devils. See, the devil thrives off chaos, so what we do is distort the divine order. And the order keeps these devils exposed, you feel me? War's a creation of chaos and peace is the absence of it. We tryna be chaos-free and exist within the divine order. You can make this shit heaven or it can be your hell. Like I said, don't let these devils start changin' shit and makin' this shit somethin' it's not. Always strive and prosper, ya heard?