[Intro]
Hey... yeah... sounds good, nice and jazzy, just the way I like it... uh, check it out now

[Verse 1]
These days lately got me stuck up in a conscious coma
Mad hazy but still rolling like a walking stroller
My life is just beginning, the world is mine for takin'
So find me living right, summer night, take some bacon
My boys rolling too, freestyling with my crew
I'm not saying this shit's old, but it's nothing new
I'm bringing plus signs, you uptight, I'm untied
I spit till I'm tongue-tied, and bask in the sunshine in July
The rain is over for the moment
I've been digging in the crates, smacking the shit out of opponents
Rocking tanks on the daily, the pumps with some ears
Giving daps to the homies, this is simply how I live, fuck the drama
We got some little mamas, got my boys too
See you bring that negativity so I avoid you
Stay smiling all night, really I ain't trippin
Got them bars like I'm in prison, I'm just happy that I'm livin all love

[Hook 1]
Don't waste my time and saying "how you been, Fel?"
Man, I'm feelin fine
I keep a plus sign, I like to live slow
I love the sunshine, and I wanna die, oh
So I say it's all love
Don't waste my time and saying "how you been, Fel?"
Man, I'm feelin fine
I keep a plus sign, I like to live slow
I swear it to the song I made and went and dropped and sold

[Verse 2]
Yeah, you know it, I'm the F-E-L-LA, ain't nothing like it
Say, you been putting on some weight?
You better quit your bitin'
I'm feeling so enlightened
Hoping September never hits
Yo, I like living in the days where you just can't remember shit in the moment
You got some broken focus, change your angle
Mad at me cause I ain't got no ice but still I dangle
Scoping out my prospects and focus on the pros
Make some money off these beats and now my pocket's got some holes but I'm rollin'
The beat tape bumping while I'm drivin'
Started as a kid and never thought I'd still be rhymin'
Funny how it is and still I play it right
Mama send a text, "It's too loud!" when I play at night
This is my medicinal, y'all the hypocritical
Type that make me wonder how this pretty world turned pitiful
Still, I watch them city girls looking so fine
Found me chirping at your man even though you're not mine -gotta say it's all love

[Hook 2]
Won't waste your time, and saying "how you been, Fel?"
Man, I'm feeling fine
I keep a plus sign, I like to live slow
I love the sunshine and I'm gonna die, oh
So I say it's all love
Don't waste my time and saying "how you been, Fel?"
Man, I'm feelin fine
I keep a plus sign, I like to live slow
I love the sunshine and I'm gonna die, oh
That's just how it goes

[Outro]
Uh, that's just how it goes x2 (Fel!)
Keep your plus signs, find your sunshine and leave me alone, brah
Cause that's just how it goes x4
(Restless!)