[Intro (Overlapped with Hook): Pumpkinhead]
Ah.  Uh.  Yo.  Check it out one time (One time).  It’s the kid they call “The Pumpkinhead” (Head).  Representing, you know’m saying?  Straight out of Dark Slopes (Straight out of Dark Slopes).  Got another fat promo (Promo).  For Stretch Armstrong and Bobbito, 89.9.  You know’m saying?  Yo (Nah’mean?).  Blackberry Funk (One time) is in effect.  Lyric Droids and The Plague’s in effect.  Check it out

[Hook: Samples]
“I don’t claim to be a big rap star” - Sample from Redman’s “Tonight’s Da Night”
“‘Cause, no matter who you are, you’ll still catch a bullet scar” - Sample from Redman’s “Tonight’s Da Night”

[Verse 1: Pumpkinhead]
I push brains through this void of Lyric Droid travels
In journeys, trample.  Do your work, travel in gurneys
Burning you and your crew, there’s nothing you can do
But to dare and stare as this microphone crashes and tears
Through flesh when I mesh with techno organic
Tissue, firing missiles locked on to peter your pedestal
Hard rocks will not get hard cocks
In a four-by-four cement cell block [to emit brain cells’ hops?]
Twisted your whole shit into dreadlocks.  I’m tired of
The everyday, average savage with the recording contract
And managers to make a mill with one track
That’s because it’s an intimidating image
Now they’re imitating these gimmicks, wearing holsters with nothing in it
It’s bullshit.  Your whole vibe is outdated
Overrated.  In this war of TECs, you’re being incarcerated

[Hook: Samples] (x2)
“I don’t claim to be a big rap star” - Sample from Redman’s “Tonight’s Da Night”
“‘Cause, no matter who you are, you’ll still catch a bullet scar” - Sample from Redman’s “Tonight’s Da Night”

[Verse 2: Pumpkinhead]
Tracks, raps, and gats don’t match
You lack with the skills, talking about you kill with the axe
But that’s monotonous.  PH is monsterous, cold like the Abominal
My lyrical rocks is out competition like [a comical?]
Some spiritual, subliminal animal from the under like aboriginal
Try to feel the vibe as I get live.  Many tried and many died
When they override manual control of their souls
So I blow flows cold like twenty-five below zero
In time, I’ll make more dinero/De Niro than Roberto
With conciertos.  You curdle from melodic sounds
While I puff the chronic on bubonic stomping grounds
If you be a demonic hound, 666 clown
My type is like the Bermuda Triangle—you’ll never be found
You want to be funky this and funky that when y’all
Bunch of wack-ass, half-ass rappers with some clumsy raps
So you sleep on my flow like 1-800-DIALTHEMATTRESS
‘Cause I make more heads turn than the Earth on its axis

[Hook: Samples] (x2)
“I don’t claim to be a big rap star” - Sample from Redman’s “Tonight’s Da Night”
“‘Cause, no matter who you are, you’ll still catch a bullet scar” - Sample from Redman’s “Tonight’s Da Night”

[Verse 3: Pumpkinhead]
Your style has no taste like crackers with no salt
Pass the blunt so I could get high like athletes when they pole-vault
Fall off?  Me, never that.  I got the clever raps
In fact, to put you in your place like spinal taps
I trap minds like black holes, smack assholes with fat flows
And Brooklyn’s what I rep in the train tracks and rat holes
So I know I’m really down to Earth like an asteroid
Slay the humanoids when I enter more data than androids
It’s the PH with styles more complex than the next intellect
Forget breaking your backbone.  I’m disintegrating your neck
Check [from the low-level text.  I’m a Weapon X, I flex?]
About to move the party and give your girl the sex
I got the insomniac flow to delete [the wicked theory?]
Flipping like channels and lights, clouds.  I gets eerie
My mind state is righteous like the [?]
[?] gun me.  If you CAT scan, you’re a flatscan

[Hook: Samples] (x3)
“I don’t claim to be a big rap star” - Sample from Redman’s “Tonight’s Da Night”
“‘Cause, no matter who you are, you’ll still catch a bullet scar” - Sample from Redman’s “Tonight’s Da Night”