[Intro: The Shadow - The Isle of Fear sample]
PRINCE HENRY: Cayonne, in three days the festival of the blood moon begins. Where are your victims, Cayonne? Where are the blood sacrifices you must offer the snake gods of voodoo?
CAYONNE: They will be found, Prince Henry
PRINCE HENRY: You are sure, Cayonne?
CAYONNE: Yes. I know you have come as always to offer me the families of your enemies. And your enemies are many. Aye, like the trees of the jungle, and the stalks of cane in the valley of San Suci. You will find the sacrifices for me, Prince Henry. You will find them

[Verse 1]
The concrete jungle, raw muscle
We hustle every day, surviving through the struggle
We dying every day, over nothing, but its kill or be killed
You better eat something, the concrete jungle
You see them wolves in that pack, they got tools on they lap they a fool off the pack
Bending corners while they pray, if you slipping on that corner then you pray
The concrete jungle, its hot as the Serengeti, turn your block into Jumanji dice games be petty
Rhino bullets jump out of that 45, pipe down revolver squeeze and crack spines
The concrete jungle young man rumble, you keep it brick solid when that cookie crumble
Fuck them crocodile tears we crocodile hunters, run with us or run from us, the concrete jungle

[Interlude]
LAMONT:  - By the way, Monsieur Dupre…
DUPRE: Yes?
LAMONT: While we were driving up from Port o' Prince, I thought I heard drums in the hills. Drums strangely like the old drums of African voodoo
DUPRE: You did, Monsieur

[Verse 2]
The concrete jungle we go ape shit, throw bananas in the k that’s a big clip
See them hyenas in the bushes that’s the day shift, they flip trucks like a tray flip
The concrete jungle, every body lies, cause ain't no body trustful
We a rare breed we be off the white truffles, we hunt for the sport leave ya brains on the court
The concrete jungle

[Verse 3]
Ok, ok
The concrete jungle it’s a rain forest, pour water in the spot fiends flood porches
Tree house yeah they growing buds in that bitch, two seasons in an hour hope it don’t get hit
I'm living on the edge I came too close to slip, but if I do elephant gun with extra grip
You hear them snakes hissing that’s a bad bitch, medusas you seduce em that’s your last pick
Sad shit, stiff as a mad brick set you up gave you one to the neck like brad pit
In Troy, fuck Babylon we rapid fire and all my bitches go, amazon and [?] killer