(Jamie Madrox)
"I got another funky rhyme
Another funky funky rhyme
I got another funky rhyme
Another funky rhyme another funky funky rhyme"  (twice)

"Awwww shit!
Twiztid!
This is my shit man!
They're finna remake the wicked shit!
Jamie spit man!"

(Jamie Madrox)
"Now they let the gates up so I bail
Six shitty months pick me up from the county jail
Smart ass mouth even though I paid my dues
Chrome toilet, rolled blankets, and the rubber shoes
But I ain't naggin
Here comes my people in the hoopty, muffler draggin
Ain't been in the hoo-ride long
And the two liter of Moon Mist is almost gone
Nuts are kinda anxious to drop a load
Told my man to hook me up with a chick that he know
The bitch said muthafucka pick me up at three
Can't bitch SEMTA don't ride your street
We can eat around the corner at KFC
You can take a cab and I'll pay the fee
When she showed up damn, she was out of luck
I forgot my wallet in the glovebox on my truck
Foot the tab for the cab and the dinner too
With a knot in my sock, bitch I thought ya knew
Dressed to impress chewin Dentyne gum
And I was drunk as fuck and smelled like an alley bum
I'm chewin on my food like a carnivore
Dumb bitch starin at me like and eyesore
Then I plopped my face in the bowl of soup
And slurped every last bit up through my missin tooth
The bitch jumped up faster than a race
And told me had to powder her face
Since she pickin up the tab, ya know that I'mma go for mine
Garcon, Chablis '54 vintage wine
And a steak well done and an order of shrimp
Jamie Madrox playin the pimp...UHH
She's back now, and her hair ain't fixed
Probably in the bathroom kickin back takin a shit
But I ain't sayin nothin though
I ain't sayin nothin bout the muthafuckin ho
Whats up bitch? you ready to break?
Besides how long can one fat bitch take? Quit snackin
And pay this shit, so we can go to your crib
And watch a horror flick, with ya daddy

"You're Employed?"
"Uhhhhh shit, Naw"

(Jamie Madrox)
Your daddy's pretty fresh sweetie pie
I mean him, lettin me grip his ride
Besides, he slipped me a fifty
But then again I'm kinda shifty
Now I wanna fuck so we headed to my house
Fuck sittin with your parents on the couch
Dad I got a bitch in my room and a smile
Take your ass to the bar and don't come back for awhile
A Juggalo's known for smackin ho's
But I need to bust nut so I switch to the mack mode

(Monoxide Child)
Now woman, you know I love you
So why don't you just let me fuck you
Look bitch, I know you's a freak
So let me get a little kiss on my cheek
And a fuck to go hit that
Come on nympho, and let me hit dat
Tell you what, ya let me stick it
And I gotta left over piece of chicken for ya
Ya little sewer skank
(Violent J)
Ya nasty little pipe smokin MONEY HUNGRY BITCH!
(Monoxide Child)
That's the shit J
85 bucks an hour, and you wanna play
And that was that
A little smooth talkin and she was on her back
Ya never guess what
My first day out, and I caught my nut

(Jamie Maddrox & Monoxide Child)
First day out and I caught my nut (what)
First day out and I caught my nut (what)
First day out and I caught my nut (what)
Well shit bitch it's my first day out, and i caught my nut  (4X)