[Intro: Wyclef Jean & Mary J. Blige]
Yo, what up, this Wyclef with Mary J
I serenade the girls with my acoustic guitar
You know what I'm sayin'?
Yo, fellas havin' problems with the chicks?
I want you right now to turn the lights down low
Pull your girl up next to you
I want you to sing this to her

[Verse 1: Wyclef Jean]
If death comes for me tonight, girl
I want you to know that I love you
And no matter how tough I wouldn't dare
Only to you I would reveal my tears
So tell the police I ain't home tonight
Messin' around with you is gonna get me life
But when I look into your eyes
You're worth that sacrafice
If this is the kind of love that my mom used to warn me about
Man, I'm in trouble
I'm in real big trouble
If this is the kind of love that the old folks used to warn me about
Man, I'm in trouble
I'm in real big trouble
I need y'all to do me a favor

[Chorus: Wyclef Jean & Mary J. Blige]
Someone please call 911 (pick up the phone yo)
Tell them I just been shot down
And the bullet's, in my heart
And it's piercin' through my soul (I'm losin' blood yo)
Feel my body gettin' cold
Someone please call 911 (pick up the phone yo)
The alleged assailant, is five foot one
And she shot me through my soul
Feel my body gettin' cold
So cold, so cold
Someone please call 911 (pick up the phone yo)
Tell them I just been shot down
And the bullet's, in my heart
And it's piercin' through my soul (I'm losin' blood yo)
Feel my body gettin' cold
Someone please call 911 (pick up the phone yo)
The alleged assailant, is five foot one
And she shot me through my soul
Feel my body gettin' cold

[Verse 2: Mary J. Blige & (Wyclef Jean)]
Sometimes, sometimes I feel like I'm a prisoner
I think I'm trapped here for a while, yeah, yeah (but I'm always right here with you girl)
And every breath I fight to take
Is as hard as these four walls I wanna break (yo Mary)
I told the cops you wasn't here tonight
Messin' around with me is gonna get you life
Oh yeah, yeah (Mary)
But every time I look into your eyes
Then it's worth the sacrifice, ooh

[Verse 3: Wyclef Jean & (Mary J. Blige)]
If this is the kind of love that your mom used to warn you about
Man, we are in trouble (I'm in real big trouble)
You're in real big trouble (Lord knows I'm in trouble)
If this is the kind of love that the old folks used to warn me about (every day, every night)
I'm in trouble (I'm in real big trouble)
I'm in real big trouble (ooh)
You got anything to say, girl?

[Chorus: Mary J. Blige & Wyclef Jean]
Someone please call 911, yeah yeah (pick up the phone yo)
Tell them I just got shot down, tell them I just got shot down
And it's piercin' through my soul (I'm losin blood yo)
Feel my body gettin' cold, oh, so cold
Someone please call 911 (can you do that for me)
The alleged assailant, was five foot one
And she shot me through my soul (and he shot me through my heart)
Feel my body gettin' cold
(He didn't care, he didn't worry, he didn't wonder..)

[Outro: Wyclef Jean & Mary J. Blige]
Wyclef and Mary J. Blige
I'm feelin' you girl
I understand
And you're doin', what you're doin', would you do it
And do it and do it and do it for me