Intro:
Yeah! Ah! Yeah! Imma need someone to calm me down
I miss Frank Lucas. Pablo Escobar. I’m Pablo, nigga! Ah! Ah! Ah! Ya!


Hello, good morning America
I sell the dope in the area
I got the game i can't give it back
I don’t go out bad
I can’t live with that
We send em shots where your children at
We shoot wherever you’re living at
I dont make no deals you gone deal wit dat
Fuck how you feel we ain’t feelin dat
We come to your block and leave you on the curb
We’ll get this fuck niggas what they deserve
All of my shooters just wait on my word
We shoot that bitch up from the first to the 30th
Get glocket in the club and you won't make it home
My niggas with it what ever u on
(Talk all that shit that you said on that phone)
We gonna do all of these fuck niggas wrong
They want the realest they after me
None of these rapper they half of me
I run the shit like a ath-e-lete
These niggas sweet as a cavity
None of ya rappers ain’t sellin no dope
I’m the lil nigga dat gave niggas hope
You bought those juvelery I (ruggas?) and shove
I bought my jevelery on robbin and dope

Chorus:
Imma need someone to calm me down
I’m at the top I‘m not comin down
Dem niggas think they got money now
They gonna get robbed if they come around
(we gonna take all these  niggas shit they come round here nigga)
Yall fuck niggas wouldn't make it where Im from nigga, I promise
Lets do it

None of these rappers will make it with us
Them niggas had to be patient with us
They just be rappin and makin shit up
Tell em that I’m the realest no one to bluff
I‘m the real Tony Montana
Tell all my kids that I’m Santa
I do not gamble
If I loose any (of) my money
I’m comin back with the hammer (yeah!)
These niggas know not to play with me
You better watch what you say to me
I take those straps every day with me
I promise my shooters stay with me
Say I‘m Frank Lucas I'm through with rappin
My dope is better than Blue Magic
You better go ask about Ralo, bitch
I promise they tell you I’m `bout that shit
Where the fuck these niggas came from
Where the fuck these niggas came from
If he come around with them chains on
I bet he gonna leave with them chains gone
We go to war with whoever
My niggas shoot who I tell em – don’t make me tell em
If you ever fuck with my fellas
He better not let me catch em
He know my niggas gonna blast em

Chorus:
Imma need someone to calm me down
I’m at the top I‘m not comin down
Dem niggas think they got money now
They gonna get robbed if they come around
(we gonna take all these  niggas shit they come round here nigga)
Yall fuck niggas wouldn't make it where Im from nigga, I promise
Lets do it

Imma need someone to calm me down
I’m at the top I‘m not comin down

Imma need someone to calm me down
I’m at the top I‘m not comin down

I’m at the top of this shit, nigga
I’m at the top I‘m not comin down
I promise you I ain’t comin down, nigga
I’m at the top I‘m not comin down
Imma be real forever, nigga