[Verse 1: Jakk Frost]
It ain't about nothing me and my brothers
We be looking and we bugging
Laughing at these niggas who be saying they be thuggin
Got a mix bree for white face covered in ... that's black
It was everybody's time ... lost is all of man kind
Except for those of us who choose to spend time
Away from ...
Act up and I'm coming with a clique that's strapped

Now can I get a level for the bass and all the treble
Recitin' my ... is the way I fight the devil
Pushing through your hood with a 40 and a shovel
Banana clips - A to the K - stay double
J, A double the K he stay humble
If I act Hollywood then my whole shit will crumble
You really wanna know what the super size gun do?
Shake in the ground like a Decepticon rumble

Shake, rattle and roll, block out of control, Glock out of control
Shots through his chest knock a block out with a hole
Then the angel of death will rock out with your soul
It's so simple, one look at my face intimidates mental
Never imitate stimulate instrumentals
You would never believe what my mental can do
Illuminate words in the dark like a Kindle
Burn like a candle, each word's a scandal
A grown ass man double Gs on my sandal
Put my faith in the lord but tie up my Camo
If I'm ever broke I could show 'em what them grams do
Legendary Philly Sound like Kenny Gamble
Niggas want beef cut 'em clear like a sample

Even if we disagree why yo we can talk
Turn my back on you haters like Cliff Lee did New York
Niggers act defiant, go ahead and try it
Leave your team crying like Deshaun did the Giants
This freestyle shit I got it down to a science
Call me Dr. Frost when I'm servicing my clients
Stop staring at the CD cover just buy it
Big belly Jack - y'all niggas is on a diet

Rap about deposit ... but y'all niggas starvin' like them kids with the flies on they face
Whole team big beards, four fives on they waists
We won't hesitate to put 5 in your face
Hollow points fly with that ratata-tat
Definition of that sound is them niggas is strapped
I can hit 'em with the Mac, I can hit 'em with the pound
Put his ass in the ground cause he footprint ...

[Hook]
Footprints y'all, footprints y'all, footprints y'all, footprints y'all
Footprints y'all, footprints y'all, footprints y'all, footprints y'all (x2)
[Freeway]
Go back Jack Go Back Freezer
Go back Jack, that's right, Go Back Freezer
Yeah we in the building


[Verse 2: Freeway]
It was 4 footprints in the sand and our buddy Germaine
Now there's only 2 footprints left in the second that I leave you
Wet there will be no footprints left in the sand

Leave ..., Leave San Burgundy
Niggas trynna steal flows commit burglary
..., tell 'em I'm murdering, stomp 'em out, leave footprints on his jersey
Paramedics gotta scoop 'em up, no footprints, tip toe with his gurney
When I spit it's so vivid make you feel like you live it, let me take you on a journey
Roll with me, move blow with me, I took the four pound Ruger on the roll with me
Make you feel like you're one of the boys, there's a couple muslim Akhis couple niggas on parole with me

[Jakk Frost]
Yeah, aha, hey Free, tell these niggas they act up, they get clapped the fuck up
Put my motherfuckin footprints on your back nigga
Throw back Jakk nigga, throw back Freezer
Free be on that team early shit, man ... gonna sleep, we be on that team insomniac shit
Hollow Jakk, follow Jakk, know what I'm talkin bout
Throw back Jakk, part 2
Hey ... tell these Ninjas to fix their motherfucking face, hateful faggots, how you like that one BR?