"EXPLOSIAAAN!"

[Verse 1 Mr. J. Medeiros]
Yo, microphone check one two who is this
Who’s crew’s relentless true few will witness
You through the fences new school invented new rules
We bent them bruised tooled and sent them
Fooled doing the who’s who dance with a pool que
Breaking my jewels to fake romance with a news crew
All I hear is loose stool, cool I’ll reinvent them
Snub em stuff em full of wool and pull a Jim Henson
I got no malice intent I’m like the Clipse camping
More like Chris Hansen at your phallic attempts to get these kids dancing
But I don’t Datelines I keep them timeless
Lead them through the grape vine
Feed them to the wine press
You know it takes time rhyming for the payoff
1999 and can’t seem to find a day off
Might be hard to find in a scene full of Adolfs
Teens with their hands up seen with their brains off

[Verse 2 Stro Elliot]
Give me the beat
I'm awful lonely rockin A Capella's put me to sleep
Leave me a drum machine I need the meter reachin the peak
Speaker to leak a sermon, turn it up and learn with your feet
And do that Sherman Hemsley, George Jefferson for the geeks
They yell Attention, why these other rappers taking a seat?
I'm off my rocker like I'm Mel Gibson after the beep
Delete...delete...
Never mind that slight stutter I speak in broken English
Bout a scholarship short a degree
Yeah, I ain't finished
But I'm well versed, and this verse well inside the curriculum
Of Melle Mel, Mos Def, Eminem, Rakim and them
That........penetrates adamantium body types
You Rony Seikaly, old flames death by water fight
Innocent criminal profile identical
Your child expendable, no trial for him
Now when the revolution strikes midnight
It's gonna hit em' when we take to the streets
With black hoodies and bags of Skittles

[Hook]
"EXPLOSIAAAN!"

[Verse 3 Mr. J. Medeiros]
Haggler spitting what he sell on the crowd
Could Gallagher make a hit without a melon around
Felon and proud pelican fly come on pelican
Now how that sound flamingo
Gringo like a smile leaving
My style beating any rap cliché leaving knots macramé
Wait wasn’t that a rap cliché
Dropping raps like that call him cast aways
For those who lack will-son back away

[Verse 4 Stro Elliot]
You must be looking for that faster way
20 grand in your hand, planning on giving them cash for play
20 spins for the win, but wait...what's your name again?
A dime a dozen they say, more like a dollar now
Every dog has a day, but where's your collar now
Ya'll getting carried away, why even bother now
Childs play, ya'll stay put I'm calling your father now

[Hook]
"EXPLOSIAAAN!"