There is nothing worse than the first week of a break-up.
First week of a break-up is like the first time guys have sex.
Its awkward, and boring and we keep telling each other
we're doing it right, and its a lie.

First week of a break-up, you're on my mind more than you ever were.
So I clean, everything in my apartment!
Clean my way into forgetting, but then I find things
that I couldn't when were together.
Your shirt, your favorite CD. Reasons that I liked you.
Until my room reeks of your influence.

See I keep wanting to invite you over, but,
love can't live here anymore.
She might bring her children, Jealousy & Neglect.
Those two running around my crib always breaking shit,
and I can't ever seem to clean up fast enough.

They tend to ruin romantic moments with questions & lies.
And I can see their children when I look into their eyes,
its you and I.
Not sure when we had them, but now they live in the next room.
Always barging in talking 'bout "they having nightmares", and
"can they sleep with us too".

Jealousy dreams about deceiving, so thats what we do.
Live out each others nightmares until we're bed full of problems
and solving is not an option cause solutions are few.
Neglect kicks me in bed talking 'bout, I dont love her like new.
And Jealousy, I know I must've told her that but,
but both of them still look so much like you.

And I thought I'd be cool.
But I still see you on corners, and in stores and in windows I'm passing.
And conversations and phrases and menus
And laughing and traffic and song after song that they play back.
I know time to lay back, these inferences are sending me way back.
I can't take my day back.
Asap, was song unsung the song that yearns to be on my tongue.
Its called apology but I will not drop the key, this is not for me.
This is how its got to be.

They say, it takes twice as long to forget, as it was to get to know.
So now I'm sitting in my room talking 'bout 6 days down, and 6 more years to go.
This is for all the women in the room who think that men dont burn.
That when it comes to heartbreak it is never our turn.
It dont matter who or what is to blame.
Cause in the first week after a break up,
alone, always feels the same.