[Hook: Kyra De'nae]
Darling, you must be my baby daddy
Sonning all of these MCs

[Verse 1: Beleaf]
Ladi dadi
I know karate
Simba, Nala, Mufasa, Sarabi
I be lion over
Anything they lying over
I just showed her I'm the illest like I told her
Shoutout to that [?]
Get an upgrade on your Subaru
You ain't even got a freaking CD holder
I be knocking off the head and shoulders
Knees and toes, with the sickest flows
Ain't no [?] from that California
Running up on you Chi like
If I ever fall in love again
I'll never tell again
I'm looking at the elephant in the room like
Dang, she got junk in her trunk
But she's mostly nuts
I'm bald like a monk
She used to have a dunk, I mean dunk it
I used to get high in her trees like a monkey
The dead me being, I ain't talking 'bout Harambe
Unless one of you kids is Tarzan or Mowgli
We just rose the humble, humble, humble
A lot of rappers hate it when I mumble
Well when you come from the jungle
The words don't always
Come out like you want 'em to
Hip Hop said to me

[Hook: Kyra De'nae]
Darling, you must be my baby daddy
Sonning all of these MCs
Sonning all of these MCs
Sonning all of these MCs

[Verse 2: Beleaf]
Only sheep will listen to wolves with bad stanzas
And low standards, I'm raising some Black Panthers
Breast milk and pampers, the answers
Moose, reindeer and goats with antlers
Some of them try to rhyme
But they can't rhyme like this
Some of them try to climb
But they can't climb like this
Some of them must mistaken me for
Gigantopithecus, so monkey see, monkey do
Might just [?]
I spit the supercalifragilisticexpialidocious
I'm docious-expiali-fragilistic-cali-super
Running around with pooper scoopers
Similar to super troopers
Aiming super soakers at
All of these chocolate oompa loompas
Shout out to [?]
I appreciate you, more than DJ Khaled
Ever could
I remember spitting with all my underwood
[?]
Back when we was at the vessel [?]
Back when we was doing it
And I wasn't trying to make it
Back when I was trying to figure out
Why I was created
God told that I had a voice and it was sacred
I started to DJ, then I started to scratch
Then I was a hype man, Ruslan I had his back
Then I started to rhyme, then I started to snap
Then I started to pop
Then the Dream Junkies treated it like crack
Never mind that I'm black and proud, say it loud
I would spit the spoken word pieces
That were raising brows
Shout to Rudy Fransisco, Ed Black, and Coach Patty
I'm paying child support to Hip Hop
[?], she shaking her laffy taffy still
She still thinking that labels will help her pay the bills
This is a letter to rappers, my sons
I still love your mother
But I'm leaving Hip Hop to become a storyteller

[Hook: Kyra De'nae]
Darling, you must be my baby daddy
Sonning all of these MCs
Sonning all of these MCs
Sonning all of these MCs

[Speech: Beleaf]
I'm out
You're crazy, I can't be following you around, chasing you. You all out in the streets, acting like you from the South, and you ain't from the South. Getting mad cause they won't tweet your album, what's wrong with you? You ain't got no home training? When we was together you wasn't like this. I feel like you had more sense. I can't do this for the rest of my life, I'm gone

Protect your life, y'know what I mean
Oh, you don't know what that means? Let me explain it to you, look. Young lady, if-if you, if you were in a relationship and you know that dude is dogging you out, protect ya life, get the hell up out of there. Ayo, ayo fellas, if you in a situation, or anybody, in a job that you hate, protect ya life, get up out of there man. Look, if you like the way your life is going right now, don't do anything to mess that up, protect ya life, you know what I'm saying?

And that goes for the tribe, the producers, y'know what I'm saying. Shout out to DJ Wreck, you out there in [?] right now. It's hot out there man, protect ya life. Shout out to Jruckers, y'know what I'm saying, you made it out the friendzone, you're married now, y'know what I'm saying. Shout out to Erik Kingsley, we imported him from the jungle, and it's been lit ever since, protect ya life

Ayo, shout out to A-B-I-V, brodie, you put ice on that, protect ya life. Shout out to [?] Anthony Cruz, y'know what I'm saying, for mixing this whole thing, but it sucks you gott shave twice a day, y'know what I'm saying, protect ya life. Shout out to Daniel Steele, pause, we stayed up all night in that Air BnB in Seattle talking, y'know what I'm saying, protect ya life

Shout out to Fat Al, who left life group and thought I wasn't gon' say nothing about it, protect ya life. Shout out to DaveBeats, for that toenail I pulled out of your carpet that one day, protect ya life. Shout out to my manager Ekim, I don't know if you're working, or tryna holla at that sister, but I can be your wingman for like 5 minutes, then I'm out, protect ya life

Shout out to Ruslan, who's always getting us good looks. But, what's going on with your hair bruh, you, you look like a cosmetology dog, protect ya life. Shout out to Tonyo Cuffee, who killed God don't make you crazy, protect ya life. Shout out to Kyra De'Nae for making the outro the outro. You put the outro in the outro, protect ya life

Yo, shout out to Sarah Juers for them harmonies, y'know what I'm saying, them harmonies, protect ya life. Shout out to Dom, you came out of nowhere, protect ya life. For my man, Charlie Powers, protect ya life. Shout out to my man, Montell, with two L's, you never slept on. Th-th-thug life

Shout out to Gracy Breslin, protect ya life. And my homie RJ in Virginia, protect ya life. Yo, shout out to Andy Mineo, you got like five hundred songs, when is the album dropping, protect ya life. Yo Santos, out there in the 6 with the clutch, protect ya life. You shout out to Ray Rock, for showing me the love of God through friendship, what? Protect ya life

Yo shout out to Johnny Law one time, for showing me what loyalty looks like, ha, protect ya life. Yo shout out to everybody in my life group, you are my lifeline, protect ya life. Yo shout out to the Patreons, if my heart was the kick you'd be the snare, protect ya life. Shout out to Mike Davis, who puts art on shoes, protect ya life

One time for Theo P and all his imaginary friends, protect ya life. Yo shout out to Uriah Beau, my little cuddle buddy, you always smiling for no reason and giving kisses and hugs at the right times. I'm 'bout to wake you up and give you a hug right now. Shout out to Anaia Zai. I just watched you come into this earth and take your first breath and for the first time in a long time, I felt overcome with life. Thank you, but protect ya life too

And to my wife, I love you, you are, you are everything and I can't imagine a future without you or-or a present without you. This whole album was inspired by you and just the movement of my heart and how many times it transitioned to get to the certain place it is now. And how you've, you've taken care of my heart. You're protecting my life, and my vow is to protect your life. You easy to love. For so long I had this affair with Hip Hop and um, you never asked me to leave her, but I'm willing to let her go for you

[Outro: Kyra De'Nae]
You must be mine
You must be mine
You must be mine
You must, You must be mine