[Hook:] (x2)
Pour out all your problems in a plastic cup
Bottle after bottle, never sober up
Roll up all your problems, then you smoke 'em up
Say that you'll call me in the morning, call me in the morning
Pour out all your problems in a plastic cup
Bottle after bottle, never sober up
Roll up all your problems, then you smoke 'em up
Say that you'll call me in the morning, call me in the morning

[Verse 1:]
I know you been caught up in the waves
I know this life ain't been a bed of roses
I know you been locked down in the days
I know you want to cut loose from the focus
Well let me help you out
Step back, exhale out the mouth
Let the stress fill your chest till it presses your flesh, and you can't do a thing, and you wanna freak out
Now hold it close, until it soaks, and roll it
Light it up, and hold it up, and smoke it
Girl I wanna see you get loose to the tooth
Let me speak my truth now hold it
I'ma get down to the pit of your soul
Pour another shot, now we 'bout to get low
Call out the crew when we killing this show
Only get 5 backstage in the MO
Dark brown bird what we need in this road
Everything you do make me wanna go pro
Every bit is truth, so the story go gold
I've been letting souls close since the minute you told
You need me to set you free and roll
I can't seem to let you be alone
You and me walking in a city full of dreams until I get you in a bed back home

[Hook:]
Pour out all your problems in a plastic cup
Bottle after bottle, never sober up (sober up)
Roll up all your problems, then you smoke 'em up (Uh-huh!)
Say that you'll call me in the morning (call me up), call me in the morning (Call me up)
Pour out all your problems in a plastic cup (Pour 'em out)
Bottle after bottle, never sober up (You know it!)
Roll up all your problems, then you smoke 'em up (Smoke!)
Say that you'll call me in the morning (Call me up!), call me in the morning

[Verse 2:]
What you look so stressed for?
Get it off your chest and put it on your headstone
Let go of that pressure
Drown out the noise and turn up the headphones
It ain't servin' you headstrong
But every now and then you need to decompress, no?
Let me make a suggestion, are you down to ride to relieve the tension?
Sit back don't ask no questions
I got something that relieves your stressors
Tell me what's your direction
And I'll meet you there without an ounce of guessin'
See, I mean to help you tune it out
Take a minute, let me hold you down
Get in to it, let you bore the crown
Smoke lots till you dull the sounds
You ain't the only one tryin' to find something fun
Get over the hump, K.O.D. with a couple hun'
Thinkin' that the ship's sinkin' I ain't gotta jump
Living in a cold world, someone gotta warm it up
Now I'm pressing every bit of luck
Bumps and bruises earned when you comin' up
Got me feeling amused when I light it up
Ain't shit to do but to tune out, and turn up!

[Hook:]
Pour out all your problems in a plastic cup
Bottle after bottle, never sober up (sober up)
Roll up all your problems, then you smoke 'em up (Uh-huh!)
Say that you'll call me in the morning (call me up), call me in the morning (Call me up)
Pour out all your problems in a plastic cup (Pour 'em out)
Bottle after bottle, never sober up (You know it!)
Roll up all your problems, then you smoke 'em up (Smoke!)
Say that you'll call me in the morning (Call me up!), call me in the morning

[Outro:]
You know I'm at it once again, at it once again
Baby, now I'm tryin' to hit your friend, tryin' to hit your friend
She just wanna drink the pain away, where the medicine?
She gon' have to take it to the head, take it to the head
Come on!